Dr. Power,

  I write this letter as, after exhaustive contemplation; I have decided it is
the only way that I might affect positive change to the current circumstances.
I have not been staying at the property you are currently leasing for some weeks
now, and really only wish to stymie any harm that may be done to Kelly or her
predominately lawful reputation.
  As you may or may not be aware, prior to last August I had been completely out
of touch with Kelly for nearly five years. My comings and goings during this time
will undoubtedly be of little interest to you, so they will be ommitted. When I did
make contact with your daughter (a feat in and of itself) things were ostensibly
quite different from what I had forced myself to leave for my own sake and sanity
five years prior. The persistent themes, however, would make themselves apparent
immediately; namely, methamphetamine and Harley Gabbard. Frankly, the two could
be used interchangeably, as the latter is the grim, miserable spectre of addiction
personified.
  Presently, Kelly refuses to function in a normal human capacity without being
under the influence of at least a 1/8th gram of methamphetamine applied
intravenously every two hours or so. Assuming that you are presently out of the
loop in regard to the street price of methamphetine, a 1/4th gram of varying
quality costs one $25. I present this information because despite what may have
been said regarding my financial contributions during my stay, all of Kelly's
wages wound up in a syringe.
  Harley owns Kelly. There was an all too brief period during my stay that she was
successfully encouraged to seek her drugs from alternative sources (lack of meth
was not a viable option) and refuse to engage in contact with him. With no job or
hobbies to distract him, Harley essentially lived on her porch. You are aware of
the damage done to pride and property during this period. Surprisingly, I have heard
from various sources that Kelly is not the only woman Harley stalks and torments.
Kelly has resigned herself to considering Harley a "boyfriend" so as to refrain
from consciously dealing with the reality that she now whores herself to him for
meth. It breaks my heart Robert.
  I love your daughter and I truly only want her to be happy, regardless of my
presence in her life. This letter is not written in anger, vindictiveness or
jealousy. It is my hope that your opinion of me will not cast the veracity or tone
of this letter into question. I am well aware that Kelly is a grown woman, and
your ability to influence her is almost as limited as my own. I only wish to
impart information that Kelly's discretion would naturally keep from you.

Sincerely,
